samples: cellular: add nrf_cloud_coap_device_message sample (#24088)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/cellular/nrf_cloud_coap_device_message/README.rst

      [00:00:11.928,649] <inf> nrf_cloud_device_message: Message sent
      [00:00:12.035,125] <inf> nrf_cloud_device_message: Sent Hello World message with ID: 1755700534318
      [00:00:16.847,137] <inf> nrf_cloud_device_message: Sending message:'{"appId":"BUTTON", "messageType":"DATA", "data":"1"}'
      [00:00:17.136,352] <inf> nrf_cloud_device_message: Message sent
      [00:00:17.242,858] <inf> nrf_cloud_device_message: Checking for shadow delta...
      [00:00:17.774,841] <inf> nrf_cloud_device_message: Initial config sent
      +CSCON: 0

Troubleshooting
===============

If you are not getting the output similar to the one in `Testing`_, check the following potential issue:

The network carrier does not provide date and time
   The sample requires the network carrier to provide date and time to the modem.
   Without a valid date and time, the modem cannot generate JWTs with an expiration time.

nRF Cloud logging overlay
=========================

To enable `Zephyr Logging`_ in nRF Cloud using the :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_log` library, add the following parameter to your build command:

``-DEXTRA_CONF_FILE=overlay_nrfcloud_logging.conf``

> This overlay allows the sample and various subsystems that have logging enabled to send their logs to nRF Cloud.

Reviewer: this is not an overlay.
Overlays are used for devicetree, this is a Kconfig fragment.

.. _nrf_cloud_coap_device_message:

> Cellular: nRF Cloud Device Message

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Cellular: nRF Cloud device message
```

> Cellular: nRF Cloud Device Message

Reviewer 2: Of course, thanks for spotting this Pascal. It is too easy to overlook the obvious.

##################################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

The nRF Cloud CoAP Device Message sample demonstrates how to use the `nRF Cloud CoAP API`_ to send `Device Messages <nRF Cloud Device Messages_>`_.
Every button press sends a message to nRF Cloud.

> It also demonstrates use of the :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_alert` and the :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_log` libraries.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It also demonstrates the use of the :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_alert` and :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_log` libraries.
```

The sample sends an alert when the device first comes online.

> It also sends a log message indicating the sample version, as well as when the button is pressed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It also sends a log message indicating the sample version when the button is pressed.
```
Did I get this right? Or does the log  message indicate also a button press?

Author: there is a counter for button presses that is printed

      [00:00:10.503,692] <inf> nrf_cloud_coap_transport: Authorized
      [00:00:10.510,101] <inf> nrf_cloud_coap_transport: DTLS CID is active
      [00:00:10.970,703] <inf> nrf_cloud_device_message: Checking for shadow delta...
      [00:00:11.449,615] <inf> nrf_cloud_device_message: Initial config sent
      [00:00:11.456,573] <inf> nrf_cloud_device_message: Reset reason: 0x10000
      [00:00:11.684,783] <inf> nrf_cloud_device_message: Sending message:'{"sample_message":"Hello World, from the CoAP Device Message Sample! Message ID: 1755700534318"}'
      [00:00:11.928,649] <inf> nrf_cloud_device_message: Message sent
      [00:00:12.035,125] <inf> nrf_cloud_device_message: Sent Hello World message with ID: 1755700534318
      [00:00:16.847,137] <inf> nrf_cloud_device_message: Sending message:'{"appId":"BUTTON", "messageType":"DATA", "data":"1"}'
      [00:00:17.136,352] <inf> nrf_cloud_device_message: Message sent
      [00:00:17.242,858] <inf> nrf_cloud_device_message: Checking for shadow delta...
      [00:00:17.774,841] <inf> nrf_cloud_device_message: Initial config sent
      +CSCON: 0

Troubleshooting
===============

> If you are not getting the output similar to the one in `Testing`_, check the following potential issues:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are not getting the output similar to the one in `Testing`_, check the following potential issue:
```

> If you are not getting the output similar to the one in `Testing`_, check the following potential issues:
> 
> The network carrier does not provide date and time
>    The sample requires the network carrier to provide date and time to the modem.
>    Without a valid date and time, the modem cannot generate JWTs with an expiration time.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you are not getting the output similar to the one in `Testing`_, check the network carrier, which might not provide a date and time. 
The sample requires the network carrier to provide a date and time to the modem. 
Without a valid date and time, the modem cannot generate JWTs with an expiration time.
```
Was it intentional to have this sentence and the details in the definition list format? We could go with above as this is just a single point?

nRF Cloud logging overlay
=========================

> To enable `Zephyr Logging`_ to nRF Cloud using the :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_log` library, add the following parameter to your build command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable `Zephyr Logging`_ in nRF Cloud using the :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_log` library, add the following parameter to your build command:
```

``-DEXTRA_CONF_FILE=overlay_nrfcloud_logging.conf``

This overlay allows the sample and various subsystems that have logging enabled to send their logs to nRF Cloud.

> Set the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_LOG_OUTPUT_LEVEL` option to the log level of messages to send to nRF Cloud, such as ``4`` for debug log messages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Set the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_LOG_OUTPUT_LEVEL` option to the log level of messages to be sent to nRF Cloud, such as ``4`` for debug log messages.
```
